I am running a test on the general road right now
The test run about to start now has become a time of about or not poor or a little 30 minutes goes by
I will
There is no fall such as the fitting lamp of the above while driving
Is a light beacon is also who is the normal operation navigation towards the navigation to
Because the beacon unit is also included, traffic jams are also included immediately
Audio is fine too
You were here so we also attached towards the dvd player is more of audio
You can also watch dvd if you insert a disc
4 cases too
It is in a state of
Yes this is linked to navigation
The adc's coverage operation confirmation is OK, and it invades the highway
It is linked etc in the direction of the navigation
The spirits are accelerating
Although it is 1.4 liters a
14.5 k and in thanks to a You're 170 horsepower of the twin charger engine
Aim for a 2.5-liter engine pan reward
Acceleration no problem at all
It will accelerate greatly
It is 100 k now
ｰｰｰthat has been reached to 100 km
I would like to use this as it is with control .
If the green meter mark blinks , set it at 90 km.
It's not here in the autumn, too. The real one is also ok.
It is as it is
is not it
Accelerate to 100 km
Yes I felt
Both fast and very stable
100 km cruise now
The engine revision Sony is 1,200 turns Editable highway population
a cancels cruise control
This person's 6-speed mission of dsg There is no problem at all here
As we mentioned earlier , at 55,000 kilometers
It is an assembly, it is completely replaced, and it is replaced. It is about 30,000 mileage from there
As it is kilometer, mission and state are also very good
Navigation Here a saint who picks up complaints on the highway
Even four
Operation is also provided
Well , I'm here , but still in automatic mode
I defeat this person's peer and make it a manual board
It feels like
The picture is six-speed , and we are running this way
I think in from here and would like to lend a pair
It is very fast now
With 4 feet
It has fallen to a little over 3000
I will take a breath from here to the manual again
I'm too short
It feels like this I think you see the tachometer but understand
As a shrimp, you can make a quick shift change with little rotational loss
It is a steering person, but it is to increase the air approaching 88,800,900,000 km
It is steering one and there is no one at all
Also good a suspension
This is good I'm kicking you out of the road but the suspension day is also very quiet
is
I talked a little bit about steering Home Orimar .
There is no sewing machine and the center is neat
I do not attach
So you front of the tire does not have the goods dust and of wheel balance, but your peace of mind
I would like to receive
Though it is reference to the last
Towards the year date in real time, it is now even Center of Information bar
It is displayed
Fuel consumption negotiating fuel consumption on the catalog has become liter 14 km
The little
I went uphill north
It's about 800 revolutions here
8 main mirror at around 1800 rotation
Real-time popular is in the feeling
Then the highway
I want to come
It is a thing
Though it is a little sharp curve from here
It is the front of the suspension I
There is no problem with the rear suspension at all
Thank you very much for seeing to the last
How was it? Volkswagen Golf Valiant of 2007
It has become a popular 1.4-liter tsi comfort line
As for the engine, as it is good in fuel efficiency and light in weight like twin charger, at the time of inspection
Weight tax
Then the car tax is very cheap before sending cheap fog
Both equipment and navigation equipment are enhanced
It is always the year I give you with the people here I am inspection the elevation type to Makoto as
Always I wish my best regards please consider all means is profitable The price set as